everybody welcome back to northern land
please divining-rod contra plus it's the
first ode I lost in the last episode I
lost what was me from a week ago
thinking my god this is the first
episode I've recorded since I've been
back is the first episode of anything
I've recorded since I've been back we're
going to be a polygon which is good
because I was like you know it'd be nice
there's an episode where we could just
focus on the commentary focus on you
know playing at a base subsistence level
and not have to worry about inane
nonsense like trying to suck up all the
items in the optimal way and oh well if
you suck this shot speed up it's a shot
speed upgrade the worst case scenario
want a void play is you get a sharp shot
speed upgrade of a slightly lower
magnitude y4w my4 89 this strikes me and
I'm talking out of my butt basically so
you know any Pesa Listerine please I
feel like this is a seed we've had
before and I might again like I don't
claim to know that I've had this seed
before it's a little ridiculous you know
I can't even remember what happens in
every episode because I mean quite
frankly I would I would make a joke at
my own expense but the reality of the
situation is I spend a lot of every
single day more or less like recording
videos and streaming so if you ever ask
me like hey what were you thinking in
episode you know 496 at this time I'd be
like honestly I enter a sort of Walter
White ask fugue state and just sort of
go with it as if I'm oh what's the name
of that actress who was in just go with
it I'm not talking about Jennifer
Aniston she was a Brooklyn Decker is
that it from tim heidecker's show of the
same name Brooklyn nine-nine anyway okay
this is it's become a multi-layered joke
that's not funny so much as just
referential anyway here we are playing
some Isaac again I always like to start
these ol episodes where I've come back
from being away by saying it's probably
there's a chance it's going to be
garbage for like yeah like I actually
lucked out there getting hit by an enemy
that couldn't
kill me in one hit instead of getting
hit by the one that could hit me and won
it and thus granting me the
invincibility that allowed me to survive
but there's like a chance
I wouldn't say even a good chance yet
but there's definitely a chance that I
that I squander this and lose once twice
three times the loser will find out
because I have not been not only if I
now been playing Isaac I had to be
honest I haven't been playing anything
that's a half-truth
for those of you who are unaware I was
away for the last week I went to my
parents house basically because I liked
them and were peers at this point in my
life and also it's like I know that they
missed me and I miss them so it's a good
situation plus I only see them like you
know one similar once every eight months
or something like sometimes a little bit
more sometimes a little bit less but I
went and I was like I'm tired of video
games I don't want to hang out just play
video games anymore I'm just going to
like I don't know sit down don't watch
TV or something like that in hindsight
but um I went out there and was like I'm
not going to play anything no my god why
am i suffering so much here this is
normal base stats it's not like it's a
bad eden role or something and then
after like three days I was like I could
just play like a little heroes of the
storm but I only brought my laptop with
me which is basically like a potato and
then I didn't even have a mouse so I
just had a trackpad and that wasn't
working out too well so I was like hey
dad do you mind if I borrow your
wireless mouse and I'm pretty sure that
he bought this oh this is bad I'm pretty
sure that he bought the wireless mouse
in like you know the year 2008 so it was
getting a little long in the tooth long
in the latency those years of the storm
games did not go well and my teammates
were very very angry at me although my
Korean is a little rusty so I wasn't
totally sure what they were saying but
there was a lot of stuff that I won't
repeat out of you know the standard
decorum that I like to bring during
these episodes so
please I hate that we got curse of the
blind to start with because it means
that I'm going to pick up everything I'm
not going to avoid something because we
know it's not going to be it's literally
impossible for it to be an active item
if it's coming from a standard boss
unless my my Luke tables are a little
bit messed up as Austen would say I
don't believe that we can have a an
active item from a boss that is vanilla
well not vanilla because that implies
that they're you know they can't be a
champion etc etc I'm just basically I'm
stunned that we lived and then this is
life affirming for me although we could
still die in one hit on the next floor
please bhp its squeezy which is actually
basically HP sweet but yeah you know as
always two days before I left I was like
I can't wait til I get there and then
two days before I left to come back I
was like I can't wait to come back you
know it was it was a productive trip
from a mental health standpoint for sure
it's always nice to see my parents I
went back to my old alma mater actually
my I don't know if you call it an alma
mater if it's high school I went back to
my high school I graduated from to
present a bursary to a graduating
student that I had never met before in
my life but I was assured that she was a
great student and I mean honestly when
they were like this is who's getting the
award and then I looked through the
program she was getting like 11 other
awards so I was like first off a little
kind of capitalist nightmare you got
going on here one person getting like
80% of the awards she's like the Warren
Buffett of having a five oh four point
zero nine GPA or something but then
secondly I was assured that you know
this was this was going to a person that
it was deserved that that deserved I
should say not that I was fronting the
cost for it to begin with but anyway
that was that was weird and surreal but
also kind of cool trying to think of
what else really it was Canada's 150th
birthday I celebrated I don't take this
curse to blind again are you kidding me
don't take this as me disparaging my
parents
we're gonna take this as well just yeah
it's so good um disparaging my parents
at all at all at all my parents are like
an exaggeration of the characterization
of adult me and I have great respect for
that
oh we smelt it nothing at all I think
it's a little dicey there um and what I
mean by that is you know how I'm like oh
my sleep schedule is like slightly late
I wake up later that I'd like to wait
wake up and I'm like that's embarrassing
you know there like that but to a larger
degree they've worked their butts off
their whole lives and now they're like
in their 50s so they're just like you
know a little on the older side they're
not geriatric at least but well not yet
but you know we it was Canada's 150th
birthday July 1st I know oh you're like
a little baby country my country is I
don't know what accent that is it's just
you know like Pangea cannot to offend
everybody which is probably not that you
use that word but anyway I don't think
that word actually exists rotten baby at
least on our curse of the blinds here
we're getting some ok stuff well yeah we
so we like went out for dinner at like
5:30 and I just to put this in
perspective others anything wrong with
eating dinner at 5:30 but this is 5:30
Eastern Time normally Kate and I eat
dinner at like between 10:00 p.m. to
midnight Pacific time
so I'm actually eating dinner like jeez
I'm trying to think about it now's like
nine hours before I sometimes eat dinner
this is so good okay we can't open them
all unless we get with two O's ace of
clubs so I'm going to do it um but we
can at least suck up all the books and
we're gonna get bookworm just give me
like the Bible or something to do this
nekron um I mean it's okay not against
it but okay I will suck it all up we got
a bomb out of it as well obviously we
just got the active benefits out of it
but that's still like really good now we
can't go to the shop but I'm just going
to I mean probably blow my
self up and then respawn is dark Judas
anyway anyway I'm taking way too long
for this for this anecdote here but it's
because the run has had some kind of
exceptional circumstances that have been
very good recently so we dinner like
5:30 and then my parents have like a
circle of friends so they were in touch
with their circle of friends and they're
like hey you know two of them are down
at this pub downtown you want to just
stop in and grab a drink with them so
yeah we stopped then we had a couple of
drinks this point is like 8 p.m. and
then we're like the fireworks start at
10:00 and they were like I don't really
want think I'm going to stay awake to
see the fireworks oh I'm just going to
go home which is fine you know I'm not a
big fireworks fan myself but you know
that's that's the it's a life I've been
living for like the past week and it's
it's not the same as the life that I
lead in Vancouver so it was it's always
nice to get away and get some
perspective I'm going to get this just
so we are more or less guaranteed to
live and and then come back and it's
nice to come back and I think that's
kind of the ideal for traveling and is
nothing more circle jerky than you know
when people who travel talk about
traveling like it's the greatest thing
in their life and I mean I'm getting off
like every tangent is a tangent I'm
getting used to my own commentary style
again here but it's nothing wrong with
traveling but different strokes for
different folks and ever people are like
you know it changed my life when I went
to Thailand and got drunk for two weeks
so maybe maybe not you know for some
people not for other people
nothing I'm disparaging it but you know
it definitely there have been times in
my life where I like go away for a week
you know in the pre YouTube era it's we
should like use this yeah why not right
I don't know I kind of like having a
little extra speed right now I mean I'm
getting old I know that the left hand
could be anything it could even be a
speed upgrade but prefer taking the
guaranteed speed upgrade but it
definitely times I've gone away before
in my life and when I come back you know
you're dreading it for the last like 40%
of the trip you're like oh there's only
you know 25% of the trip left here it's
like the opposite of
when you work like an hourly job when
you do your math you know you're like
well it's 3 p.m. and I work until 4:30
so we're officially 87 point 5 percent
on the day you know you do that kind of
math or at least I did it's good - it's
good to want to go away recharge and
it's good to come back and I always come
back feeling recharged and full of
resolve never going to lose an Isaac
again definitely I'll tell you that with
100% certainty probably the next episode
of Kerbal space program they're going to
give me like an actual scholarship to
NASA University I say NASA weird there
it's one of it that word has become like
it's become like a bagel word for me
where I worry so much about whether or
not I'm pronouncing it correctly that I
think I pronounced it more incorrectly
now as a result so we could roll the
dice here I would not recommend it and I
mean it's I know okay like it's not that
exciting to just pick it up but I'm
never going to say no to an orbital when
our only other orbitals big fan but
hopefully we'll get a chance to use the
apollyon bonus pretty well here but
honestly just run as popped off so a
little dicey on HP but we have a lot of
damage ended to your rate upgrade so
that's good and then honestly that was
pretty much the gist of of my of my time
away my parents lead a domestic
lifestyle which they have earned so I'm
not disparaging it you know I'm the guy
who's like asking somebody to go
skydiving is selfish so I'm not the kind
of guy who's like mom you guys can't go
to bed at 10:00 p.m. you know I'm
definitely like cool with it but it's
nice to be back as well back on my own
schedule and you live in my own life I
also like my parents recently moved into
a into a smaller place they've been
downsizing because they're two adults
not to adults with like you know eight
kids at this point so don't they ever
had eight children that I know of but
you know it used to be when when Kate
and I would visit
couldn't come this time if she was
writing her own that well the shoot
sorry she was taking her own Japanese
language proficiency test but anyway I
normally it's like an opportunity for me
to live a very gluttonous life as well
because like many people of a certain
age their kitchen is just so stocked
it's not like we're hurting over here
but we just don't stock as much because
we don't have this storage space
whereas when I go to their house they're
like oh yeah chips were on sale at
Costco three months ago so we got like
80 bags and I'm like that's awesome and
then I wait for them to go to sleep and
then I'm like I'm gonna have one bag of
those a night until I leave but now they
live in a place that's that's much
smaller so even after they go to sleep
they kind of got like a bead on the
kitchen they can tell what's going on in
there so I lived a very snack free life
for the past week which was I made sure
to make up for it I got a McDonald's
breakfast this morning not necessarily
the most unhealthy thing in the world
but it puts me back in the saddle again
you know what I mean so we had a speed
and shot speed increase here and the the
speed increase is nice not because I
need one point four five speed
necessarily but because I am excited to
be able to get rid of the goat hoof if
we want to which we may or may not seem
at emesis irrelevant I also like if you
this is such a narrow like not even
inside baseball a inside baseball is
stuff that people in the industry care
about this is just boring but if you
ever want to get back on like a normal
sleep schedule and you live in the
Pacific Standard time zone go spend the
week in the Eastern Standard time zone
with people that hold like jobs with
normal hours because that's pretty much
what happened I took I took a red-eye in
landed like 7:00 a.m. Monday morning
took a four-hour nap and from that point
onwards I was on eft so i was waking up
at like 8 a.m. which is 5 a.m. my time
and now I'm like it's early in the
morning here do they do in Vancouver and
I'm feeling spry Vardi I went
out for breakfast I got a coffee I had a
very leisurely morning uh you know
posting nonsense on Twitter and now here
I am actually getting my job done so
that I predict that'll last about 36
hours at most but still and I had like
we can get Book of Shadows here we
should try it I had I had a travel
nightmare and I I I'm skeptical we have
lead must have gotten the Bible from
that last book in there too I'm
skeptical of people because people lie
and I don't mean people embellish okay I
don't mean this to be like never trust
to anybody because everybody is a liar I
shouldn't have walked over that
obviously um all I mean to say is that
if you ever ask some people about travel
it's always a nightmare and on the first
off you got to remember it's a privilege
but secondly people well hell is your
hell is your 25 minutes life it was
awful
the captain turned the seatbelt signs on
the whole time and there was a mild bump
and I just say it was not okay and not
chatting people for having anxiety but
you know if you've never flown and you
heard someone talk about a routine
flight it's always like it's the worst
thing in the world I make an effort to
be like k9 when we fly back from Japan
is like a 10-hour flight unless it's
actually bad in any way people are like
how is that flight you know the subtext
being like it was torture and I like nod
odd it was like being in an airplane for
ten hours I watched like five movies it
was basically like a really like
slightly uncomfortable day out oh my god
that was disgusting I'm sorry it's like
a slightly uncomfortable day off you
know it's not that bad but this one was
bad it's like I flew in or the nonfluent
sorry I was getting ready to leave
leaving from a small airport so like the
flights literally you get your security
in like 45 seconds and then they're like
okay well just hop on the plane you walk
out on the tarmac hop on the plane but
it's time they uh you know you got to go
to Toronto and Toronto there's a
thunderstorm so they won't let us take
off here until the thunderstorm stops so
that was like a 45-minute delay and that
as a result of the 45 minute delay I
couldn't make my connection so they
rebooked me to a slightly later flight I
landed I look at the board in the
airport quite hungry I'd like to point
out here look at the board in the
airport and it's like hey your flight is
on like final call and it's across the
airport so I was the first stop in my
head I was like nice I finally get to
live that movie moment where I get to
sprint across the airport and I did and
I loved every second of it because it
made me look like a very important
person they're like oh my god this guy's
sprinting across the airport he must be
accomplishing some very important
business and I didn't do as much as I
could have to dissuade that notion
so I ran across the airport and I found
my gate looked at the gate agent she's
just looking around like there's nobody
else at the gate and I'm like hey did
you guys start boarding yet and I gave
her like a little smile and she was like
actually we're almost done so okay
I tried to bring some levity to the
situation I didn't realize I should have
told the pilots on my first flight to
land faster it's good Daniel might be
able to do boss rush anyway then I get
seated on the airplane if we keep in
mind I'm not in great shape these days
sprinted across this Airport you know
probably took three or four minutes not
sprinting three or four minutes that's
like it would kill you but like jogging
somewhat strenuously and I get there and
I'm not a breath not feeling fantastic
and I'm like I made it as soon as I sit
down the pilots like ladies and
gentlemen we're gonna have a 25 minute
delay on this flight just want to keep
you guys posted there's a maintenance
issue with the plane okay cool look you
guys have a hard job maybe you can think
about propagating that notice out to the
board in the airport so that people
don't have the sprints across the whole
you know freaking airport to get to the
plane just before you know just for them
too late Lear just as soon as you board
that you're going to be like add by the
way just kidding I'm distracting myself
from the Isaac play a little bit here so
I sat down like you know out of breath
my god probably not gonna have a heart
attack on this flight which is good and
then I mean after that point it's like
pretty much just in an airplane I
watched the second
season of master of none and I thought
it was fantastic television
I watched the Mike Birbiglia film don't
think twice and I was like this is a
wonderful film and I had a great time
realizing that I was a hipster sure
let's take this then we landed and I'm
waiting at the carousel for my bags you
know where this is going
people always go oh Emily lost my bags
and I'm like I don't think it happens as
much as people seem to think it happens
it happened to me
this time I'm waiting for a long time at
this carousel like what's up and then
eventually I went and talked to some guy
was up some guy he was at him he said a
sign that said baggage information and I
said hey my bag didn't show up and he's
like well that's weird because we don't
want any of this that's weird because
like we have this thing from Toronto
that says your bag was scanned and as a
result it should be on the airplane and
I was like yeah you got me what I'm
trying to do is see if you guys have
found two bags that look exactly the
same as mine so I can steal a random
person's luggage because I got nothing
better to do after taking a so basic I
was being a little bit of a jerk but
anyway yeah my bag was lost but even
still like it was mostly like an okay
trip and that's why I don't know BAE I
guess I what I want to say is that where
I was originally going to come at this
from is like don't let people tell you
that even though anytime you're
traveling and somebody has like a small
inconvenience they're like it was a
nightmare I asked for a corner room in
the holiday and they didn't have any
corner rooms left so they gave me a room
close to the elevator nearly little
people these days are incompetent and
don't know how to do their jobs you know
it's like a big circle jerk but this was
actually pretty inconvenient in the
whole scheme of things I got my chin up
you know also on the then this is now
getting into like petty complaints I
would see we're going to do with that I
would say that my first complaints like
losing my suitcase not so much a petty
complaint having to sprint across the
airport airport only to sit down and
have them be like actually
joke's on you is gonna be like another
30 minutes so we take off yeah I mean
more of a petty complaint admittedly was
still kind of annoying because I didn't
get a chance to eat then I had to eat on
the airplane which a was like a little
expensive but be they had like no food
and they're like big people in front of
me are going you know a we shouldn't
fight the hush people in front of me are
like I want the chicken wrap and they're
like oh sorry sir we don't have any
chicken wraps and the guys I was up and
they're like oh they didn't cater the
plane properly like we don't we only
have like a half the meals were supposed
to have so in the end I guess I was
lucky because I was sitting in like row
15 people back there in row 40 you're
getting young nothing so I had this like
$13 airplane Pizza that was basically a
lunchable it was not fantastic but then
I got home and opened my fridge and my
wife before she left cooked a bunch of
Korean barbecue and just left it in
there it's like it's like a ten out of
ten
like let's renew our vows sort of
situation obviously that's ridiculous
you've only been married three years I'm
not going to renew my vows that's like a
ten year plus sort of thing but you know
it's like you you've done a very good
thing here that I'm appreciative of and
you've helped me on my hard day now mind
you I mean we're not going to get any
items here yeah you know what let's do a
five room for just give us a more time
to talk to one another um mind you she
was also out of town you know after I
landed I'm like hey I think he lost her
suitcase and she's like us pretty crappy
and then the next tweet or not tweet
sorry the next like text that comes in
is like her five-star meal from whatever
restaurant she's eating that and I'm
like so we're living in different worlds
right now I'm like sinking the whole
airport up running running wild on this
like 600 calorie airplane pizza that I
ate four and a half hours ago one or
where they hacked my toothbrushes and
you know I don't mean the lamb shoulder
is a little tough she didn't actually
say that she said it was delicious but
it's like we're on I'm in the first
world problem situation but you're in
like a zero with world problem
situation right now and I wish I could
be there but I couldn't I have again I
know I understand how inside baseball
and circle-jerk you've said whatever
adjectives you want to use for talking
about being at the airport
how how self-serving it is you know but
I have an airport routine and I think
the routine is important because it's
helped me get over my airplane anxiety I
like to arrive probably like half an
hour earlier than you're supposed to
just in case anything happens nothing
ever does then you get through security
you'll find like an OK sit-down
restaurant you order like whatever you
want have a drink or two then get on the
airplane and then I'm relaxed tonight
might even be able to catch like 45
minutes of sleep over the flight
although usually that's a pipe dream and
I'm good to go
but neither neither of my flying days
allowed me to experience this and it was
like mildly stressful but still yeah I
guess you got to keep it in perspective
it also made a liar out of me because I
usually fly Air Canada because I've had
good experiences with them and I
appreciate that almost every plane has
feedback entertainment which is I'm not
doing I'm doing it again there's no
reason to fight Isaac on each one of
these floors let's just see how
ridiculous it can get and then like I've
people have been going you know Air
Canada voted North America's best
airline whatd what a joke and I'm like
hey you guys it's actually looked pretty
good and then like everything that could
have gone wrong went wrong I'm not going
to blame them for the thunderstorm but
still I mean you know what I'm gonna
blame them for the thunderstorm
you got Doppler radar you can't see a
thunderstorm coming a day in advance and
be like hey guys just show up to the
airport like 45 minutes later rather
wait till everybody gets through so okay
you know they're doing their jobs but at
the same time you know what this is an
outrage all right so that was like 20
minutes of playing conversation I didn't
even talked about what happened on the
plane which is largely
now so I'm not gonna but you know I
could spend some mild inconveniences out
of it for example hey dude I know they
turned the seatbelt signs on if you're
in row for TF you can't get up walk the
road 15 and then block me out we all got
connections here do we live in an
egalitarian society okay
Mohsen to some extent you know I booked
this seat specifically because I want
her to disembark 45 seconds faster than
the people at the back it's the cheapest
way to feel superior over your fellow
man
I mean business class do that's going to
be like a five hundred dollar upgrade no
thank you
you're telling me as long as I just
check in early I can sit up here at the
front absolutely
Air Canada also uses a silent auction
style now to to get business class
upgrades if they haven't sold them out
in advance so instead what they used to
do is hey you want to free food free
drinks in a lay down seat give me like a
million dollars and you were like that's
ridiculous obviously I'm not going to
pay you a million dollars for three
hours I'm slightly greater but still
suboptimal comfort and then I said okay
you got a good point I'll tell you what
what if you bid against your fellow
passengers for business class and you go
that's a cool idea what's the minimum
bid a million dollars Oh sign me up
yeah dude because then you've got the
little the art of the deal thing going
on where you could be paying a little
bit less than the people that are around
you so you feel like you've got some
superiority no I didn't do that to this
day I have never dude this is such a
good shop or not shop a chest here to
this day I have never flown first class
a lot of youtubers do and I'm not trying
to throw them under the bus but I'm
throwing them under the bus a little bit
which I don't mean to do because I mean
I guess above a certain income threshold
it sort of makes sense where your
like you know I make more just from
being on this plane than the tickets
going to cost me but I'm like we just
we're all on the same plane first off
there's the obvious undertone of if this
thing goes down we're all going down
it's not like you're going to be in
first class like I would like to get out
of the emergency exit first I was in
first class and everybody in coach is
going to be like oh oh after you sir
after you the other thing is you're
mostly still just sitting down if I had
like points or something but I'm too
lazy to collect those five points or
something I probably consider it the the
chance of an upgrade but just paying for
I don't know it's a little cost
prohibitive in my opinion I only get
angry when I see like 10 year olds in
first class cuz I'm like I don't know
it's not your fault you know your
parents are rich ball look at that
expression is your parents are rich ball
but no your parents are rich ball out
you know until you get old enough to
feel guilty about it because you should
be making your own way but you know if
you're if you're a 10 year old and your
parents buy you a first-class ticket you
should have to trade with like a like an
iron worker in coach let them experience
it they worked for it you don't even
know it yet they pay tax to fill the
loopholes that your parents are using to
save enough money to put you in first
class anyway long story short feels good
to be back great episode for coming back
because it was just like the easiest
steamroll of all time for now thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button now set a great
deal of course subscribe if you want to
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time